
All works reproduced are either from public domain, used within the bounds of "fair use", or are used with author's permission.

Mighty Handful; Modest Petrovich Mussorgsky, Pictures At an Exhibition. (10 pieces) Performer(s): Skidmore College Orchestra.
Ballet Of The Chicks In Their Shells
Bydlo
Catacombs
Gnomus
Hut On Fowls Legs Baba Yaga
Limoges The Marketplace
Samuel Goldenberg Schmuyle
The Great Gate Of Kiev
The Old Castle
Mighty Handful; Modest Petrovich Mussorgsky, Songs and Dances of Death. (4 pieces) Performer(s): Unknown. Singer(s): Galina Pavlovna Vishnevskaya.
Lullaby
Serenade
The Field Marshal
Trepak
Mighty Handful; Nikolai Andreyevich Rimsky-Korsakov, Scheherazade. (3 pieces) Performer(s): The San Francisco Symphony Orchestra.
Festival At Baghdad The Sea
Story Of The Kalandar Prince
The Sea And Sinbads Ship
Mighty Handful; Nikolai Andreyevich Rimsky-Korsakov, Mozart & Salieri. (4 pieces) Performer(s): Orchestra and Chorus of the Bolshoi Theatre, Оркестр и Хор Большого Театра.
As The King Went To The War
Scottish Drinking Song
Song Of the Dark Forest
The Golden Cockerel: King Dodon 
Mighty Handful; Alexander Porfiriyeevich Borodin, Symphony No.1. (4 pieces) Performer(s): Moscow Radio Symphony Orchestra/Tchaikovsky Symphony Orchestra, Большой Симфонический Оркестр Всесоюзного Радио/Большой симфонический оркестр имени П. И. Чайковского.
Movement 1 to 4
Mighty Handful; Alexander Porfiriyeevich Borodin, Symphony No.2. (4 pieces) Performer(s): Rome Symphony Orchestra.
Movement 1 to 4
Mighty Handful; Caesar Antonovich Cui, 25 Preludes, Op. 64: (25 pieces then limited to 2)
Prelude 2 Performer(s): F. Cheltsov. 
Prelude 9 Performer(s): N. Tolstaya.
Mighty Handful; Mily Alexkseyevich Balakirev, Overture on Three Russian Themes: (1 piece) Performer(s): USSR State Academic Symphony Orchestra.



Creo:
Ballistic Funk
Black Ice
Carnivores
Crazy
Dark Tides
Dune
Endless
Enigma
Exoplanet
Gravitate
Idolize
Nautilus
Red Haze
Reflections
Showdown
Slow Down
Summit
Unveil
Vice

The Minute Hour:
Computer Music 1 
Computer Music 2
Computer Music 3

LISA: The First Original Soundtrack, Marina Hova & Widdly 2 Diddly.
LISA: The Painful Definitive Edition Original Soundtrack, Marina Hova & Widdly 2 Diddly.
LISA: The Joyful Definitive Edition Original Soundtrack, Marina Hova & Widdly 2 Diddly.

CUTS TOO DEEP - Victor Ward feat. Gemma Bass

File names and music pitch may differ from source materials.
